[Music]
well hi now when was the last time you
gave your brain a proper workout well
that's too long here's your chance to
run on the treadmill of intellect and
solve some rascally riddles that most
people find too hard you'll have ten
seconds for each but feel free to pause
the video if you need more time number
one let's start with something easy for
a warm-up exercise eternity begins with
it at the same time it's the end of time
and space it's at the start of every end
and yet the end of every place what is
it you're 10 seconds for this riddle
begin now
time's up it sounds pretty profound but
it's not some peculiar physical
phenomenon in fact it's just the letter
e number two a father has two beloved
sons or maybe not so beloved after all
since he only gives the older one 15
cents and the younger one gets 10 cents
the question is what time is it
I bet you didn't see it coming do you
have an answer yet in fact the time is
1:45 15 and 10 cents make 25 cents or a
quarter this means the father gave a
quarter to two or 145 3su was making
apricot jam for the winter the apricots
were already in the pot and stirred up
when she suddenly remembered she forgot
to add lemon juice she knows how much of
it she should add for every two apricots
is there any way to figure out how much
lemon juice should be in the pot
[Music]
in fact it's really easier to figure
that out all she has to do is count the
pits for you'll find me first at the
front door my second comes from the
green family my third is what most
people can't get enough of and
altogether I'm one of the United States
I give you ten seconds to figure out
what it is
[Music]
most people get confused by the final
line of this one you see I didn't mean a
country when I said the United States am
at lies at the front door rye is a green
money is what most people want and all
together they make up the word matrimony
that is a united state of its kind v
this story happened at a high school a
teacher announced there would be a
really hard test in physics and the
students decided to boycott it they knew
only one student could get detention for
skipping the test so whoever the teacher
decided to punish would just take the
test and the rest would be technically
free the teacher however outsmarted them
all what did she say to the students so
they all decided to take the test
[Music]
the teacher said she would punish the
student whose name is first in
alphabetical order if that student
didn't show up it means the next student
on the list would have to be punished so
all of the students had to take the test
to avoid punishment 6 a robber breaks
into a bank and demands all of the money
then the manager is scared and says she
has no access to the vault then she gets
a phone call and the robber demands that
she speak as if nothing had happened she
then says hi Sam
is this an emergency if not please call
me later I need your help to fix the
computer while the robber is trying to
open the vault the police car arrives
how did Sam know he had to call them you
have 10 seconds to figure it out
are you ready for it the manager just
pushed the mute button every now and
then so all Sam heard was emergency call
help 7 imagine this you've been chosen
to travel to Jupiter and it all goes
well but as you come back to earth you
see it's a completely different place
you want to know what day of the week it
is you meet two robots Z and X Z lies on
Mondays Tuesdays and Wednesdays and
tells the truth on the remaining days of
the week X lies on Thursdays Fridays and
Saturdays but is truthful during the
rest of the week Z tells you yesterday
was one of the days he lies on X tells
you the same can you figure out what day
it is
take your time and pause the video if
you need to think it over better
[Music]
well it's a Thursday both Z and X tell
the truth on Sunday if Z is telling the
truth and X is lying then it must be a
Thursday if Z is lying and X is telling
the truth it means it would be a Sunday
but on Sunday X is also telling the
truth so both statements cannot be true
this means it has to be a Thursday 8:00
Jane is a nice young lady who works as a
housemaid and dreams of being a
multimillionaire she has a good
education and can figure out any
equation in no time her favorite food is
cauliflower and now that you know all
that about her can you figure out what
her favorite tree is
[Music]
her favorite treat is a Sequoia it's the
only plant that has all the vowels in it
just like all the other words that
describe j9 you enter a dark room and a
mysterious voice tells you there are 100
golden coins in it 90 of them are heads
up and 10 are tails up your task is to
split them into two piles so that
there's an equal number of tails of
coins in each of them if you figure out
this puzzle the coins will be all yours
time's up let's see how much you wanted
those coins no one told you the piles
had to be of the same size so you can
just make a pile of ten coins and a pile
of ninety coins when you flip every coin
in the ten coin pile you will get the
same number of tails in both piles
number ten Steve went to a hardware
store he wanted to know the price for
some items he found out that one cost
one dollar nine cost one dollar a team
cost two dollars 207 cost three dollars
and five thousand sixty-six costs four
dollars what was Steve getting
[Music]
time's up Steve was shopping for home
address numbers and he found out every
digit costs $1 11 there is a mysterious
city somewhere on earth and no one can
tell you where it is you have to figure
it out for yourself to visit it it's
1,800 miles away from America 1,200
miles away from Japan New Zealand is
2,400 miles away and Brazil is 1,400
miles away how far is the place from
Morocco I'm sure you've figured out the
pattern behind this one every vowel in
the country name adds three hundred
miles to the distance and every
consonant is worth 200 miles so the city
is 1,700 miles away from Morocco 12
there's a barrel of magical potion in
front of you you can take a sip if you
answer one question is it more than
half-full you can't use any measuring
devices or move any potion out of the
barrel you're ten seconds to think it
over
start right now
[Music]
to see if it's more than half-full you
have to tilt the barrel carefully until
the potion gets up to its lip if you can
see the bottom at that moment the barrel
is less than half-full if you can't see
the bottom because the potion is
covering it completely then it's more
than half-full 13 something went wrong
at the science lab that was looking for
a way to clone animals as a result three
scary giant almost invincible beasts
were created a shark Panther a spider
snake and a fly ball a villain found out
about it and stole them from the lab to
use for his plans to conquer the world
only you can save humanity all you have
to do is win in a fight with one of the
beasts whom will you choose remember the
future of the planet depends on it
choose wisely your time's up
so a fly bowl is super dangerous because
it has the quick reaction of an insect
and the powerful body of the bull it's
unlikely it went over it a spider snake
is venomous and super fast it has eight
legs after all so it's not the Beast to
choose if you want to win either finally
a shark Panther seems like the scariest
of them all sharks are super dangerous
in the water but can't breathe on land
so once the villain lets it out to fight
you it won't live much longer
congratulations if shark Panther was
your choice alright how many riddles did
you manage to solve let me know down in
the comments if you learned something
new today then give this video a like
and share with a friend
we have over 2,000 cool videos for you
to check out all you have to do is pick
the left or right video click it and
enjoy remember stay on the bright side
of life